Add PR guidelines to repository (#5162)
global-121/121-platform: docs/pull_request_template.md

> AB#1234 <!--- Only if relevant, start with a link to an issue on Azure Dev Ops -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AB#1234 <!--- Only if relevant, start with a link to an issue on Azure DevOps -->
```

The name is "DevOps".

## Describe your changes

> Brief description of your changes - not in-depth because the bulk of the description should be in the task on Dev Ops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Brief description of your changes - not in-depth because the bulk of the description should be in the task on DevOps.
```

## Checklist before requesting a review

> - [x] I have performed a self-review of my code

Reviewer: I'd like to leave these open by default, to make it a more conscious process for the PR-author.

Over time we can evaluate if all of these items are still relevant, or that we can remove/change/add some.

We could even pull some 'analytics' from them... To see how many of them get checked/changed over time. :D

> - [x] I have performed a self-review of my code
> - [x] I have added tests wherever relevant
> - [x] I have made sure that all automated checks pass before requesting a review
> - [x] I have communicated above whether I need any deviation from our PR guidelines (eg. "I don't want the reviewer to merge on my behalf because...")

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my code
- [ ] I have added tests wherever relevant
- [ ] I have made sure that all automated checks pass before requesting a review
- [ ] I have communicated above whether I need any deviation from our PR guidelines (eg. "I don't want the reviewer to merge on my behalf because...")
```
